Add fips instructions for helm chart (#38244)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

Heavy container images will continue to be published for Teleport 13 and 14
throughout the remainder of these releases' lifecycle.

##### Helm cluster chart FIPS mode changes

The teleport-cluster chart no longer uses versionOverride and extraArgs to set FIPS mode. 

Instead, you should use the following values file configuration:
enterpriseImage: public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-ent-fips-distroless
localAuth: false

> ```

Reviewer: Missing this before line 160

Heavy container images will continue to be published for Teleport 13 and 14
throughout the remainder of these releases' lifecycle.

##### Helm cluster chart FIPS mode changes

The teleport-cluster chart no longer uses versionOverride and extraArgs to set FIPS mode. 

> Instead, the Values file should set the following:
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, you should use the following values file configuration:
```
```

token, the Teleport Auth Service must have access to the `TokenReview` API.
The chart configures this for you since v12, unless you disabled `rbac` creation.

##### Helm cluster chart FIPS mode changes

The teleport-cluster chart no longer uses versionOverride and extraArgs to set FIPS mode. 

> Instead, the Values file should set the following:
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
Instead, you should use the following values file configuration:

```
````

Grammar suggestion
